exordium-website/README.md, before:

# Angular 9 (Exordium Website)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.6.

## Creating Routing Modules

Run `ng generate module pages/{dir}/{dir} --module app --flat --routing` to create a routing module for a subdirectory. 

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Github Build

Run `ng build -- --prod --aot --output-path ../docs/` to build the project into the main docs folder. 

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Keep the project updated with most recent versions of angular.

exordium-website/README.md, after:

# Angular 9 (Exordium Website)

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.6.

## Creating Routing Modules

Run `ng generate module pages/{dir}/{dir} --module app --flat --routing` to create a routing module for a subdirectory. 

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Github Build

Run `ng build -- --prod --aot --output-path ../docs/` to build the project into the main docs folder. 

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Updating Angular

Run `ng update @angular/cli @angular/core` to update the angular cli and core.

## Updating NPM Packages

Run `npm install -g npm-check-updates` to install the npm updater checker
Then run `ncu -u`, followed by `npm install`

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
